Don't be so troublesome
Hou Lao turned out to be a collector
Natural vision
Why don't you bring me and Liang Tao's congratulatory gifts?
Hou Lao knew at a glance whose sincerity was deeper
Boy, what do you mean?
We all wronged you
Hou Lao, you can tell at a glance
What do you think?
How are you, Liang Shao?
Since you are courting death yourself
Then I'm not used to you.
Hou Lao, I'll bother you.
That being the case
Then I'll play too
Mr. Sheng
It seems that you have been deceived by this trash a lot.
If you want to accept it, press our legs
Liang Shao dare not compete?
What's not to dare?
Our Liang family is not afraid yet
Does that Liang Shao dare to gamble?
What to bet
I heard that the Liang family has opened a new auction company
In order to participate in the Guan family's Dougu Conference
The news is very well-informed.
It just so happens that I don't want an auction company either.
Let's take a gamble
Mr. Sheng
This is me and Liang Tao's personal favor, Master Yang
It's not your personal grudge anymore
This is also an opportunity for our Holy Family to prove their strength
The official family is vast
We all want to take the opportunity to ring the bell
I want Hou Lao too.
Look up at our lord